nrf_dm: Adding version 0.7.0 of nrf_dm (#735)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: nrf_dm/doc/CHANGELOG.rst

All the notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

main
****

All the notable changes added to the |NCS| main are documented in this section.

Added
=====

> * Added experimental support for the nRF5340 network core:
>   * ``lib/nRF5340_CPUNET/soft_float/libnrf_dm.a``
> * Added experimental support for a reduced library for the nRF5340 application core:
>   * ``lib/nRF5340_CPUAPP/hard_float/libnrf_dm_calc.a``
> * Added experimental support for nRF52832:
>   * ``lib/nRF52832/hard_float/libnrf_dm.a``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Experimental support for the nRF5340 network core when using ``lib/nRF5340_CPUNET/soft_float/libnrf_dm.a``
* Experimental support for a reduced library for the nRF5340 application core when using ``lib/nRF5340_CPUAPP/hard_float/libnrf_dm_calc.a``
* Experimental support for nRF52832 when using ``lib/nRF52832/hard_float/libnrf_dm.a``
```

All the notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

main
****

All the notable changes added to the |NCS| main are documented in this section.

Added
=====

* Added experimental support for the nRF5340 network core:

  * ``lib/nRF5340_CPUNET/soft_float/libnrf_dm.a``

* Added experimental support for a reduced library for the nRF5340 application core:

>   * ``lib/nRF5340_CPUAPP/hard_float/libnrf_dm_calc.a``

Reviewer 2: Do we mention somewhere which functions are implemented by this lib?

Reviewer 2: Actually I inspected the library and I only find that it provides `nrf_dm_calc`, not `nrf_dm_high_precision_calc` or `nrf_dm_populate_report` which I expected?

Reviewer 2: I guess also `nrf_dm_version_string_get` would make sense

> * Added experimental support for the nRF5340 network core:
> 
>   * ``lib/nRF5340_CPUNET/soft_float/libnrf_dm.a``
> 
> * Added experimental support for a reduced library for the nRF5340 application core:
> 
>   * ``lib/nRF5340_CPUAPP/hard_float/libnrf_dm_calc.a``
> 
> * Added experimental support for nRF52832:
> 
>   * ``lib/nRF52832/hard_float/libnrf_dm.a``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Experimental support for the nRF5340 network core when using ``lib/nRF5340_CPUNET/soft_float/libnrf_dm.a``
* Experimental support for a reduced library for the nRF5340 application core when using  ``lib/nRF5340_CPUAPP/hard_float/libnrf_dm_calc.a``
* Experimental support for nRF52832 when using ``lib/nRF52832/hard_float/libnrf_dm.a``
```

Reviewer: This one got reverted.

Changes
=======

* Added a quality indicator per tone.

> * Reduced the memory usage in dm_calc.

Reviewer 2: This log will be public right? Perhaps change to say `nrf_dm_calc`

Author: will change to libnrf_dm

> * Changed internal timings which makes this release not compatible with previous releases.

Reviewer 2: not compatible -> incompatible

> * Changed the handling of the reports.
>   :c:func:`nrf_dm_calc` and :c:func:`nrf_dm_high_precision_calc` now take the report as an input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed the handling of the reports.

  :c:func:`nrf_dm_calc` and :c:func:`nrf_dm_high_precision_calc` now take the report as an input.
```
This separates the two later sentences into their own paragraph under the same bullet. It makes it easier to see them as expanding on the first sentence.

  The report needs to be populated using :c:func:`nrf_dm_populate_report` before it can be used for :c:func:`nrf_dm_calc` and :c:func:`nrf_dm_high_precision_calc`.
* Removed distance offset compensation of fixed user-configurable offsets.
  This now needs to be done in the application.

Migration information
=====================
* This release is not compatible with previous versions of nrf_dm.
* The application now needs to provide memory for the report.
* Use :c:func:`nrf_dm_populate_report` to load the raw data.
  This needs to be done before passing the report to :c:func:`nrf_dm_calc` or :c:func:`nrf_dm_high_precision_calc`

> * :c:func:`nrf_dm_calc` and :c:func:`nrf_dm_high_precision_calc` now take the report as an input.

Reviewer 2: take -> takes

Reviewer: Take, since both functions take the report as input.
